# Python-Projects
Install dependencies
`pip install spotipy` 
`pip install plotly`
## What it does
The following program webscrapes the latest list of 200 hits from Billboard and retrives additional information about each track as well as audio features.  Initially, the program scrapes and allocates each artist name, as well as the song title, into a data frame called ``df_billboard``. Then, by using Spotify API, the program loops through each row and sends requests to retrieve information including track_uri, album, release date, popularity, and audio features. The information is subsequently appended into a data frame designated as ``df_spotify``. After all of the requests have been completed, both data frames are merged using .concat function and saved as CSV files. 
## How it can be used
The program keeps track of the latest hits that were recognized by Billboard and it can be used to choose the most ideal songs for different business environments and events. The data can then be used for further analysis to identify the most popular artists with the most songs on a chart and assess their overall popularity. This can be a very useful tool for businesses when they are trying to decide which trending artists they should pick as their company ambassadors or models to boost their image and new line of products. By visualizing data in scatter plots and grouping them, such as by whether the songs have explicit lyrics, some interesting tendencies can be seen. For instance, the distribution can be used to narrow song lists based on preference, check if any relationships exist among all variables that might give some insight about audience preference, and find the artists’ choice of music that matches their style or genre. 
